CSE 111 Proposal for a Student Chosen Program

    (This is a proposal. All proposals are written with our best
    knowledge at the beginning of a project. As we progress from the
    beginning to the end of a project, we gain more knowledge, and we
    change some of our proposed ideas. This is part of completing any
    project and is fine.  However, we still must write a proposal so
    that our teachers or supervisors know what we intend to do. Please
    answer each of the following questions to the best of your
    knowledge.)

1. What is the title of your program?
Minesweeper

2. What real-world problem will your program address or help to solve?
It is a classic puzzle game.
The game is played on a grid of cells, where each cell can either be empty or contain a hidden mine.
The player's objective is to uncover all the empty cells on the grid without detonating any mines.
The player selects a cell to reveal its content. If the revealed cell contains a mine, the game ends immediately, and the player loses. However, if the revealed cell is empty, it will display a number indicating the number of mines in adjacent cells. Using this information, the player must strategically reveal cells to deduce the locations of the mines.
The game is won when all non-mine cells are revealed.

3. What will you learn from developing this program?
Learn about GUI using tkinter in Python and improve my programming skills.

4. What Python modules will your program use?
pytest, random, tkinter, and others (not yet decided)

    (Some examples are: csv, datetime, functools, matplotlib, math,
    pandas, pytest, random, requests, and tkinter.)

5. List the names of functions you will need?
create_gameboard()
insert_mines()
count_mines_around()
show_all_cells()
and other (still developing)

    (Remember that the most reusable functions don't get user input and
    don't print results but instead have parameters and return a result.
    Functions that get user input and print results are important and do
    useful work but are not easily reusable.)

    (Remember also that it's hard to test functions that get user input
    and print results. It's easy to test functions that don't get user
    input and don't print results but instead have parameters and return
    a result. Therefore, you should write most of your program functions
    to have parameters and return a result.)

6. List the names of the test functions you will write.
test_insert_mines()
test_count_mines_around()
and other (still developing)